added release notes up to 10.18.229.0-core/10.18.350.0-ui (#282)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-2024-0/applications-2024-0.md

</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Cockpit</td>

> <td>The asset selection within the datapoint selector is now filterable.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>The asset selection in the datapoint selector is now filterable.</td>

```

<td>UI</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Web SDK</td>

> <td>The SCADA widget mapping now holds child devices data properly and is not overridden by the parent device.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>The SCADA widget mapping now holds child device data properly and is not overridden by the parent device.</td>

```

<td>MTM-53912</td>
<td>10.18.338.0</td>
<td>UI</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Web SDK</td>
<td>On developing a widget plugin with the Web SDK, a dependency issue could occur due to a missing dependency in the <i>package.json</i>. This missing dependency has now been added.</td>
<td>MTM-54393</td>
<td>10.18.323.0</td>
<td>UI</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Web SDK</td>

> <td>The locale of the web app can be set via the URL parameter <code>lang</code>, for example, <code>/apps/administration/index.html?lang=zh-cn</code>. The locale code is case-insensitive and must have 2 letters or 4 letters, separated with a hyphen "-" or an underscore or "_". If the provided locale code is not supported, the web app will be displayed in English.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>The locale of the web app can be set via the URL parameter <code>lang</code>, for example, <code>/apps/administration/index.html?lang=zh-cn</code>. The locale code is case-insensitive and must have 2 letters or 4 letters, separated by a hyphen "-" or an underscore "_". If the provided locale code is not supported, the web app is displayed in English.</td>

```

<td>MTM-48676</td>
<td>10.18.317.0</td>
<td>UI</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Web SDK</td>

> <td>In none-hybrid applications, the <code>lang</code> attribute of the <code>html</code> tag is now correctly set to the language preference of the current user.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>In non-hybrid applications, the <code>lang</code> attribute of the <code>html</code> tag is now correctly set to the language preference of the current user.</td>

```
